<section archive="http://www.gnuenterprise.org/irc-logs/gnue-public.log.15Nov2002" enddate="14 Nov 2002 16:00:00 -0800" startdate="14 Nov 2002 16:00:00 -0800" subject="[IRC] 15 Nov 2002" title="Feature plans for 0.5.0 and later">

<topic>Forms</topic>
<topic>Designer</topic>
<topic>Navigator</topic>

<mention>Keith</mention>

<p>Derek Neighbors (revDeke) said he might need to do a 
few point releases of 0.4.x, depending on how long James and Jason 
took to do 0.5.0. James Thompson (jamest) said 
<quote who="James Thompson">most of 0.5.0 
shouldn't be major, we've been looking into it - it'll be major on the 
user visible side of things, but internals shouldn't kill us</quote>. 
Derek was <quote who="Derek Neighbors">thinking the win32 driver and 
curses drivers will be the biggies - not necessarily in 'dev' time but 
in testing time - assuming basic curses support didnt make it into 
0.4.1</quote>. James said <quote who="James Thompson">i'm pretty sure 
it will be _almost_ feature complete for 0.4.1 - but I haven't tested 
in a few days</quote>. Derek was impressed - <quote who="Derek Neighbors">i 
dont think it needs to be 'complete' for 0.4.1 just like i dont think win32 
would need to be complete for 0.5.0 - but more 'reasonably' complete 
'first preview' give us lots of feedback :)</quote></p>

<p>James said 
<quote who="James Thompson">i imagine 0.5.0 will have the new gfd format 
and maybe the start of win32 - the new gfd format will be a HUGE gain 
for forms - as you'll be able to do l33t things in it</quote> due to 
the <quote who="James Thompson">complete seperation of layout from 
logic</quote> - <quote who="James Thompson">you'll be able to mirror 
fields on multiple pages, mix things about any way you like. I think 
0.5.0 is this year - it's become an itch we've got to scratch - you 
should get a layout manager system as well</quote>. Keith Jagrs (KeithJagrs) 
noted <quote who="Keith Jagrs">there's only one month and a half left to new 
year's eve</quote>. Jason Cater (jcater) said <quote who="Jason Cater">our 
history is to release either right before or on a major holiday</quote>. 
Derek agreed - <quote who="Derek Neighbors">well 0.5.0 before end of Q4 
02 would be great - while there are lots of holidays generally that means 
time off work - which means to a degree gnue time :)</quote> He was 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">worried about this gfd switch - will we 
have conversion tools? or open in design and save - /me is only worried 
as im getting ready to do a boat load of forms</quote>. James said 
yes - <quote who="James Thompson">I think we're pretty good about 
changing things and hiding it</quote> - <quote who="James Thompson">it's 
worth it in any case - this is something I wanted from day 1</quote> - 
<quote who="James Thompson">it's how sql*forms from oracle did it</quote>. 
Jason said <quote who="Jason Cater">jamest and I were discussing and 
decided we really couldn't wait any longer - as the closer to 1.0 we get, 
the more stable the gfd format must be - so if we are going to do a 
"correction" in our format - we better get it on!</quote>. Also, 
James pointed out that they were planning much more documentation 
with the 0.5.0 releases, so would rather change the format before 
documenting it rather than after! He had always wanted to 
<quote who="James Thompson">seperate the logic from the layout in 
gfd - when I started I wanted something out the door fast - so I blended 
them which was a bad, bad thing - but it was quick, i was just learning 
python while coding, i was young and needed the money</quote>. 
Nick Rusnov (nick) sympathised - <quote who="Nick Rusnov">we've all been 
domn that route - but you end up just spending all your money on gold 
chains and skintight pants.</quote></p>

<p>Jason noted <quote who="Jason Cater">you realize with this separation
I will quite literally be able to do a converter</quote> to get 
existing Oracle SQL*Forms working as GNUe Forms instead - the only 
other issue was Oracle's specialist PL/SQL trigger logic. Derek 
said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">well i think ultimately we will be 
better than sql*forms for many reasons</quote> James said 
<quote who="James Thompson">we are better now in many respects</quote>. 
<quote who="James Thompson">layout they have us - stability of the 
painter they had us - abilities of the painter we kill them - painter 
= deisigner</quote> But <quote who="James Thompson">forms is more 
powerfull than their client IMHO</quote>.</p>

<p>Later, looking at the feature plans, as discussed in 
<kcref subject="[IRC] 08 Nov 2002" title="Feature plans for GNUe" />, 
Derek Neighbors (derek) asked <quote who="Derek Neighbors">for 
forms what happened to 0.4.1 release? we should leave them on 
there as complete, no?</quote> - <quote who="Derek Neighbors">i 
think it makes for a nice history as well</quote>. James said 
that the feature plans <quote who="James Thompson">start w/ 
0.5.0</quote>. Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">there 
are features that are missing (i assume these are possibly not 
comprehensive) - in which case i will throw out the feature 
and you all can determine where it best fits</quote>. He 
emphasised that it was up to James and Jason, as the main 
coders, to decide which version a feature belonged to -
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">i.e. you could say we will never 
support that, we will support it after 1.0 sometime or yeah we 
need that lets decide where it goes</quote>. James noted that 
he and Jason were looking to tidy these up as part of the 
0.4.1 release anyway - they knew there were some duplicates 
and inconsistancies.</p>

<p>Derek asked <quote who="Derek Neighbors">what is grid view 
mode?</quote> James explained it 
<quote who="James Thompson">converts a std form to look like 
pgaccess - it's a 'shut up users that keep asking for pgaccess 
on my systems even though pgaccess is slow and buggy' 
feature</quote> Derek asked about a <quote who="Derek Neighbors">a 
native grid widget</quote> to replace the current rows="10" 
functionality, as discussed previously in many threads, as far 
back as <kcref subject="[IRC] 28 Jan 2002" title="GNUe vs E/AS" />. 
He realised this was mostly cosmetic, but 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">again this is high priority it 
could be post 1.0 - but thats what im asking ... should it be pre 
1.0 and if so, how pre 1.0 - im thinking the blocks/fields things 
might make it easier to implement</quote>. He also questioned 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">the need for a qt driver pre 
1.0</quote> - ideally he would like to find a volunteer from 
outside the core developers to write this 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">like happened with gtk2 one -
i.e. i would like to see a qt driver - just hate to see critical 
resources on it, again i understand the scratch an itch so its 
comment not a complaint</quote>.</p>

<p>He added <quote who="Derek Neighbors">most of my other stuff 
was questions for designer, but looks like its plan isnt produced 
yet. The three things i have there 
<ol>
  <li>good mask editor</li>
  <li>starting of schema editor</li>
  <li>trigger editor capabilities</li>
  <li>cvs integration</li>
  <li>project capabilities</li>
  <li>gpd editor</li>
</ol>
- schema and gpd</quote> (GNUe Process Definition - the file format 
for Navigator) <quote who="Derek Neighbors">editor are becoming a 
big weakness i see as i am starting to write applications</quote>. 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">project capabilities and trigger 
editor would be nice but i can hobble ok w/o - mask editor and cvs 
integration would be gravy :)</quote> - also a 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">reports design capability</quote>.</p>

<p>Andrew Mitchell (ajmitch) said <quote who="Andrew Mitchell">a 
good mask editor could have a set of preset masks to use</quote>. 
Jason said there was already some functionality for this, but it 
needed some more polish. The way it worked at the moment was that 
you defined a format in the gnue.conf file, and could then 
reference it from GNUe Forms Definitions (.gfd).</p>

<p>Derek also asked 
for a <quote who="Derek Neighbors">calendar picker</quote> for 
date format fields - <quote who="Derek Neighbors">i think about 
every platform can support as well - i see it as nothing mroe 
than attribute of entry of some kind</quote>. James was not sure 
of the need. Derek gave a practical example - 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">im planning airline travel - i want 
to travel week of christmas - i want ot leave monday before christmas
and return friday after christmas - do you know those dates w/o 
looking at a calendar? unfortunately i dont - its much easier for 
the application to show me a calendar than to hunt one down 
:(</quote> Andrew asked <quote who="Andrew Mitchell">hmm, when was 
wxCalendarCtrl added to wxpython? is it in 2.2.x ? :)</quote> 
Derek agreed  it was not a <quote who="Derek Neighbors">high priority 
thing - it was one of those ithink we need, could be post 1.0 pre 
1.0 thats your call</quote>. James wondered if this would be better 
done as a plug-in. Derek felt this was pretty core, but 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">im not opposed to abstracting it so 
that other things can be done as well - i.e. i realize there will be 
lots of similar requests some we agree with some we dont</quote>.</p>

<p>Andrew, after carefully donning a 
<quote who="Andrew Mitchell">flameproof suit</quote> asked 
<quote who="Andrew Mitchell">what sort of timeframe are we 
estimating for these releases? :)</quote> Derek said 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">there was talk about trying to have 
0.5.0 by end of december early january if real life (tm) treats 
everyone well - i think predicating anything beyond that for other 
releases makes little sense</quote>.</p>

</section>


