<section archive="http://www.gnuenterprise.org/irc-logs/gnue-public.log.05Nov2002" enddate="04 Nov 2002 23:00:00 -0800" startdate="04 Nov 2002 23:00:00 -0800" subject="[IRC] 05 Nov 2002" title="GNUe Project organisation - version numbers, roadmaps, testing and branches">

<mention>Jan Ischebeck</mention>

<p>Jeff Bailey (jbailey) said <quote who="Jeff Bailey">The 
version number in Debian is going to be 20021105.</quote> 
Andrew Mitchell (ajmitch) was not keen on this, 
<quote who="Andrew Mitchell">unless this is the 
2million, 21 thousand, and fifth debian revision :)</quote>. 
Jason explained that, for help desk purposes, the About 
box in the CVS version of Forms said it was 0.4.1a 
("a" for "alpha") - <quote who="Jason Cater">but it will 
become 0.4.1 when released</quote>. It was noted that 
Debian - and other packaging systems - would regard 
0.4.1a as a later version than 0.4.1. Jason said that 
it was not really possible to change this before 
0.4.1 was released - James Thompson (jamest) 
suggested going straight to 0.4.2.</p>

<p>Derek Neighbors (derek) said the project 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">might as well release 0.5.0
- we have no method right now (seriously) - other than 
chaos - its completely abitrary</quote>. 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">there is no 'roadmap' that 
states what release is what - so there is no control - 
at which point who cares if its 0.4.1 or 0.5.0 (independent 
of the alpha question) - there is nothing stating what 
features will be in what releases - so USERS have no idea 
until something is released what is what</quote>. Jason said 
<quote who="Jason Cater">we have our internal markers - 
a lot is dependent on whether common's API changed - 
if common's API is vastly different, it has to be a major 
point release</quote>. Derek said 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">until now its been no big deal - 
as we didnt have mass of other developers - and we didnt have 
production users</quote>. Jason said 
<quote who="Jason Cater">it's not perfect, nor well planned
- but it's not arbitrary</quote>.</p>

<p>Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">we need to very 
soon get to the point where we really maintain 2 releases - 
so that someone on an old release can expect to get their bugs 
fixed - but not expect a bunch of expiremental features or 
major breakage</quote>. James said 
<quote who="James Thompson">i thought someone was going to 
backport patches if we tagged cvs?</quote> Derek said 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">that would be me - 
my problem is cvs commits are going like mad - 
but the cvs commit messages frankly suck - and there is no 
roadmap or system used to manage what should be backported. 
My proposal is we have a strict feature roadmap for the new 
releases and only if some feature is minor in nature does it 
get backported</quote>.</p>

<p>James said <quote who="James Thompson">i can't see that 
working with free labor</quote>. Derek emphasised 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">i never said 'put dates on 
features'</quote>. James explained 
<quote who="James Thompson">what I'm saying is that like 
tonight - i finally got sick of the no query by detail - 
so I'm fixing it. This isn't on any roadmap - other than 
I'm sick of it</quote>. Derek said he was 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">not saying that roadmaps cant 
change</quote> - the importance of the roadmap was that it 
provided a place to park feature requests for the future 
rather than the next immediate release - 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">at some point one has to say 
this road is closed</quote> - creeping featurism had been 
had been a factor in the length of time taken over the 
last two GNUe releases. This had affected GNUe's relationship 
with other projects, including papo.</p>

<p>Also, with a roadmap, it would be possible to split 
changes in CVS head between bug fixes to existing features 
(which would get ported back to interim 'stable' releases) 
and new features which belonged only in the new release. 
James said <quote who="James Thompson">nothing prevents that 
today however the API is constatnly in flux, we are a 0.5.0 
project - I can see something stable as we approach 
1.0</quote>. Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">as we 
get more developers and more solid releases it will be 
mandatory to avoid chaos</quote>.</p>

<p>James said <quote who="James Thompson">well, another way 
to approach this problem that i would prefer - an (semi-)
automated testing framework</quote>. Jason said 
<quote who="Jason Cater">I would too - and I've BEGGED people 
to do it</quote>. Derek agreed 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">certainly that is necessary to 
help speed moving a release out the door - as thats one thing 
that has made the process difficult - feature freeze is called - 
and it takes too long to test to point where its too tempting 
to add new features in</quote>. Jason noted that 
Jan Ischebeck (siesel) <quote who="Jason Cater">has even taken 
the initiative to start one in samples/testcases - but I don't 
see testcases flowing in</quote>. James said he had 
<quote who="James Thompson">been adding to it for what I'm 
working on - but it's not standardized yet - was hoping to make 
it part of the 0.5.0 cleanup release</quote>. Daniel Baumann 
(chillywilly) noted <quote who="Daniel Baumann">there's different 
types of testing - black-box, white box, etc. - white box 
requires good knowledge of the code that is being tested - 
the *internals* of it - there's probably only 3 ppl right now 
that fit this description, imho - with perhaps a couple that 
have a decent understanding</quote>. James explained 
<quote who="James Thompson">i wanted to make a gnue navigator 
thing - with various forms that had pages lableed step 1 2 3 4 
- and a final pass/fail step</quote>. Daniel said 
<quote who="Daniel Baumann">basically we need a testing team 
and/or go intoa  testing mode</quote>. James felt that 
<quote who="James Thompson">anything is better than what we have 
now - which IIRC was jcater saying "prereleases is here please 
test" - then have people test after the final release</quote>.</p>

<p>Daniel said <quote who="Daniel Baumann">soem ppl can't code 
without some structure as they like to see down the "road" 
;)</quote> Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">the people 
closest to gnue have the roadmap in their head - and cant see 
why anyone is frustrated that there is no structure - because 
when you are close to it, there appears to be structure (and 
there is) - just its not in a format that can be well 
shared</quote>. He was <quote who="Derek Neighbors">not so 
much requesting things be radically different than they are 
now, just that they be better presented to the public</quote>. 
Jason, referring back to 
<kcref archive="http://mail.gnu.org/pipermail/gnue-dev/2002-October/000282.html" subject="[Gnue-dev] Release Process [Was Re: Kudos - keep up the hard work!]" />, 
said <quote who="Jason Cater">we are already stretched pretty 
thin - the few of us</quote>. He felt it was unfair to 
suggest that the core developers were not responsive to end-user 
needs - <quote who="Jason Cater">I've spent a HELL of a lot of 
time on the developer's guide</quote>, which he personally had 
no need for. Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">im willing 
to write up roadmaps and maintain a back branch - 
but not if i have to swim against the river to do it - 
i.e. if you and jamest loathe the idea of roadmaps i woudl rather 
not try to document whats in your heads for the public :)</quote>. 
Jason alsoo objected <quote who="Jason Cater">you make it sound 
like we just only add new features and never look back - jamest 
and I take a release every so often - and do NOTHING but cleanup
and profiling</quote>, as planned for the 0.5.0 release. 
Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">actually my complaint 
is you guys do far too much clean up :) - and my hope is to get 
to a point where others can 'clean up some' and you guys can add 
new cool stuff</quote>. Jason agreed, but said 
<quote who="Jason Cater">I would also like some donuts - but I 
don't have any - so it won't happen</quote> without extra 
volunteers. He felt over-managed on the project. Daniel 
said <quote who="Daniel Baumann">I think all FS projects could use 
a bit of management, however, I don't think they need "managers" 
;)</quote>. Matt Rice (ratmice) suggested 
<quote who="Matt Rice">I think we need the man with the yellow 
hat from curious george books</quote>.</p>

</section>


