<section archive="http://www.gnuenterprise.org/irc-logs/gnue-public.log.06May2002" enddate="07 May 2002 23:00:00 -0800" startdate="05 May 2002 23:00:00 -0800" subject="[IRC] 06 May 2002" title="Planning for next release">

<topic>Forms</topic>
<topic>Designer</topic>
<topic>Common</topic>
<topic>Reports</topic>

<p>Derek Neighbors (dneighbo) said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">im 
going to be the big devils advocate here - i see lots of commits, 
but we still need to release :)</quote>. James Thompson (jamest) 
said <quote who="James Thompson">the recent commits are trying to 
fix some issues prior to release and work final bugs out - 
as we're jumping to 0.3.0</quote>. Reinhard M&#252;ller (reinhard) 
wondered if it was really necessary <quote who="Reinhard M&#252;ller">to 
do even/odd before 1.0?</quote>, with odd numbers for "stable" releases.
James said <quote who="James Thompson">i don't want even/odd at all 
anymore - but I'm in the minority :)</quote>. He was 
<quote who="James Thompson">1/2 tempted to say this is a 0.5.0 release 
in alot of ways</quote>.</p>

<p>James said <quote who="James Thompson">if things release today we 
have the following issues</quote>:</p>

<quote who="James Thompson">
<ul>
<li>setup.py still installs gnue.conf which isn't needed anymore</li>
<li>drowdown key errors in the displayHandler</li>
<li>database issues w/ pypgsql and 7.2.1 postgres (at least for me)</li>
<li>no windows testing</li>
<li>your trigger issue</li>
</ul>
</quote>

<p>Jason Cater (jcater) added <quote who="Jason Cater">lots of untested 
i18n changes</quote>. James didn't think would be an issue - 
<quote who="James Thompson">the i18n is cake to disable for a release - 
just modify GBaseApp to always call the dummy _()</quote>. Jason said
this was what he was worried about - <quote who="Jason Cater">don't 
know what exceptions, if thens, etc, have a _() that we haven't had code 
run against :)</quote>. Derek picked up on James' statement that
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">gnue.conf isnt needed?</quote> James said 
<quote who="James Thompson">testing today shows it is - but it should 
not be</quote> as <quote who="James Thompson">the system now has all 
defaults in a .py file - that can be overridden by gnue.conf. When time 
permits I'll make the new config system write config files too - it's real 
close to that today - then our installer can create them on the fly
if needed</quote>. Derek thought this <quote who="Derek Neighbors">sounds 
dangerous to me</quote> as he did not <quote who="Derek Neighbors">think 
defaults belong in a py file</quote>.</p>

<p>Derek proposed <quote who="Derek Neighbors">from now on if we go into 
a segment where we are getting ready for release we branch the code - 
so things like rewriting the conf system and doing i18n and such 
are in the branch and we dont have to 'wait' to do releases - as this is 
always what kills us - is 'features' not fixes keep getting added in the 
last push for a release - this is why we need roadmap more clearly defined - 
so we can say xyz will be in next release - anything not xyz goes in a 
branch</quote>. Jason said the distinction between "feature" and "fix" 
was often <quote who="Jason Cater">murky</quote>, citing the conf system 
changes as an example. Derek agreed - <quote who="Derek Neighbors">i 
realize a lot is dictated by 'need' - but i think if we kept a version 
branch to help us stay focused it would help - but wouldnt prevent people 
from adding stuff that was 100% necessity</quote>. He noted 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">btw: this is the same issue debian woody is 
having so its not a direct criticism per say - there may not be a good 
answer</quote>.</p>

<p><a href="http://www.gnuenterprise.org/irc-logs/gnue-public.log.07May2002">
The next day</a>, James asked <quote who="James Thompson">where 
are we at wrt to release?</quote> Jason said 
<quote who="Jason Cater">well, the biggies iirc were gconfig 
support</quote> and <quote who="Jason Cater">derek's trigger troubles - 
which are probably a lack of understanding of the new way - which 
implies better documentation</quote>. James said 
<quote who="James Thompson">considering I don't recall the right way 
I'll cut him some slack :)</quote> He couldn't recall if the 
documentation had been updated for this yet.</p>

<p>Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">i really think we need
prequery support added back in before release if its not major</quote>, 
as previously discussed in 
<kcref startdate="29 Apr 2002 23:00:00 -0800" title="Query mode in Forms" />.
Jason said <quote who="Jason Cater">that's not just a bug fix</quote>. 
Derek said <quote who="Derek Neighbors">tecnically it is - as it used 
to work - so it being broken is a bug :)</quote> Jason pointed out 
that it had been broken for a year, and <quote who="Jason Cater">I 
can almost promise we'll introduce bugs by doing it :)</quote> 
James said that <quote who="James Thompson">prequery has to work or 
dropdowns wouldn't work today</quote>. Jason said 
<quote who="Jason Cater">prequery DOES work - but it's not doing like 
it did last year</quote>.</p>

<p>Later, Daniel Baumann (chillywilly) asked 
<quote who="Daniel Baumann">hey when is the new forms, designer, etc. 
release? ;)</quote> James said <quote who="James Thompson">be on the 
lookout for airborne pork</quote> as he was 
<quote who="James Thompson">stomping bugs now</quote>.</p>

<p><a href="http://www.gnuenterprise.org/irc-logs/gnue-public.log.08May2002">
The next day</a>, James noted <quote who="James Thompson">dneighbo: 
your autofillBySequence works again - it was technically never 
broken - however I broke the preInsert trigger than ran it 
:)</quote>. Derek said he would test this later. He asked 
<quote who="Derek Neighbors">how did things go last night 're 
getting ready for release?'</quote>. James said 
<quote who="James Thompson">ok i guess - i started to work on 
prequery - which is easy to add but messes up the UI on 
master/detil</quote>.</p>

</section>

