<section archive="http://www.gnuenterprise.org/irc-logs/gnue-public.log.01Mar2003" author="Arturas Kriukovas" contact="mailto:arturas@gsk.vtu.lt" enddate="01 Mar 2003 04:00:00 -0800" startdate="01 Mar 2003 04:00:00 -0800" subject="[IRC] 01 Mar 2003" title="GNUe Tools users">

<topic>Why GNUe?</topic>

<p>Matthew Palmer (wombat2) said what he <quote who="Matthew Palmer">didn't see 
on the website is any "testimonials". I'm looking at getting GNUe accepted as the 
replacement for Access here at work. Is anyone willing to stand up and say "at 
this moment in time I'm doing X with GNUe"? I can speil about "it's good, it's 
free, it's what we should use" until I'm blue in the face, but my bosses like to 
say "Hmm, we're not going it alone".</quote> Derek Neighbors (derek) listed some
GNUe users: <quote who="Derek Neighbors">we have large university that uses it 
(one you would recognize) and very large local government using it. Neither will 
go on record to talk about it, but likely would talk to an individual about it. 
We have a magazine reseller (one of the largest if not the largest) that will 
use and speak publically about it, a small bookstore using as backend to a l'ane 
Point of Sale and two or three more companies getting ready to transition to 
it.</quote> Matthew was interested <quote who="Matthew Palmer">what sort of uses 
are they putting it to? Ephemeral stuff, or core business functions? And are 
they using the prewritten stuff, or doing a lot of development of their own 
stuff?</quote> Derek explained that GNUe has <quote who="Derek Neighbors">2 
companies that supoprt and consult on it out side the United States, one in 
Lithuania and one in Argentina</quote>. Matthew asked whether all these users 
use Designer with Forms and Reports to write all of their stuff and Derek 
confirmed that. Derek also noticed, that <quote who="Derek Neighbors">those 
that are adopting as we speak they will be using GNUe Small Business, gnue-sb, 
mostly for backend manufacturing. It is being written as we speak so they are 
'early adopters'</quote>. Matthew explained his situation - 
<quote who="Matthew Palmer">my boss, many years ago, started writing an Access 
app to do some of the mgmt of this company. It's now blown out, and I was hired 
(mostly) to convert it to something more reliable. Since a 300MB chunk of Access 
data doesn't scale real well.</quote> 
Derek offered using a tool, called pgadminII - <quote who="Derek Neighbors"> it 
will quickly convert your access to postgres. You can then use gnue wizards to 
make forms from those tables VERY quickly. The only real work you will have to 
do that isnt 'busy' work is the 'code' to do 'special' things. All data handling 
will be handled for you</quote>.</p>

</section>


