reinhard (~reinhard@M1250P019.adsl.highway.telekom.at) joined #gnuenterprise.
aaron_ (coyote@CPE-24-163-193-174.mn.rr.com) got netsplit.
jrs (~jrs@dsl093-129-017.sfo2.dsl.speakeasy.net) got netsplit.
steveb (~steveb@202.0.44.163) got netsplit.
InsanitY (insanity@co58147-a.olden1.ov.home.nl) got netsplit.
chillywilly (~danielb@CPE-24-167-199-51.wi.rr.com) got netsplit.
ra3vat (~ds@ics.elcom.ru) got netsplit.
derek (~dneighbo@cpe-24-221-112-50.az.sprintbbd.net) got netsplit.
InsanitY (insanity@co58147-a.olden1.ov.home.nl) returned to #gnuenterprise.
chillywilly (~danielb@CPE-24-167-199-51.wi.rr.com) returned to #gnuenterprise.
steveb (~steveb@202.0.44.163) returned to #gnuenterprise.
jrs (~jrs@dsl093-129-017.sfo2.dsl.speakeasy.net) returned to #gnuenterprise.
aaron_ (coyote@CPE-24-163-193-174.mn.rr.com) returned to #gnuenterprise.
ra3vat (~ds@ics.elcom.ru) returned to #gnuenterprise.
derek (~dneighbo@cpe-24-221-112-50.az.sprintbbd.net) returned to #gnuenterprise.
jcater (~jason@cpe-066-061-083-220.midsouth.rr.com) left irc: "Client Exiting"
wtg (~merlinx@ppp1021.qld.padsl.internode.on.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
btami (~tamas@ip102-205.ktv.tiszanet.hu) joined #gnuenterprise.
fixe (~fixe@dsl093-081-253.chi2.dsl.speakeasy.net) left irc: Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)
jcater (~jason@cpe-066-061-083-220.midsouth.rr.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jcater> howdy
<reinhard> huh?
<reinhard> ah oh
<reinhard> i forget AI's need no sleep
<jcater> lol
jcater (~jason@cpe-066-061-083-220.midsouth.rr.com) left irc: "Client Exiting"
johannes_ (~johannes@M1259P002.adsl.highway.telekom.at) joined #gnuenterprise.
reinhard_ (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) joined #gnuenterprise.
reinhard (~reinhard@M1250P019.adsl.highway.telekom.at) left irc: Read error: 60 (Operation timed out)
johannes (~johannes@M1250P007.adsl.highway.telekom.at) left irc: Read error: 110 (Connection timed out)
Nick change: reinhard_ -> reinhard
ra3vat (~ds@ics.elcom.ru) left irc: "Client Exiting"
ra3vat (~ds@ics.elcom.ru) joined #gnuenterprise.
Stoke_ (~stoker@ppp209.tc-22.roc-pt.ny.localnet.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
SachaS (~Sacha@dialup-196-58.wasp.net.au) joined #gnuenterprise.
Stoke (~stoker@ppp329.tc-2.roc-pt.ny.localnet.com) left irc: Read error: 113 (No route to host)
lupo (lupo@pD9E6804D.dip.t-dialin.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
dimas (~dimas@195.218.176.222) joined #gnuenterprise.
CleeK (~CleeK@csahut.net1.nerim.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
<CleeK> hi allù
<CleeK> ù
<CleeK> -ù
<btami> hi CleeK
<CleeK> i discovered gnue today :)
<btami> nice
<btami> you can be the first trying the hot 0.5.0 :)
<lupo> whooohoo! 0.5.0 is out :) cheer and dance!
<CleeK> huh :) really ?
<lupo> really really :)
<btami> look at the Topic
<btami> for #gnuenterprise
<CleeK> yep
ToyMan (~stuq@smtp.dstoys.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
<CleeK> woaw, there r many packages in this project
<CleeK> r they all working ? :)
<btami> more or less :)
<ToyMan> morning all
<btami> morning
<lupo> good day
<lupo> Mon Apr  7 14:33:24 CEST 2003
<CleeK> lun avr  7 14:33:07 CEST 2003
<CleeK> :)
<lupo> tu es francais?
<CleeK> oui :)
<CleeK> you too ?
<lupo> no
<lupo> i'm german
<CleeK> ok
<lupo> but i had french for 7 years in school
<CleeK> cool :)
<CleeK> I don't know 1 word of german
<lupo> you don't need to
<CleeK> I studied spanish a little bit
<CleeK> but that's all
<btami> i had russian for 12 years in scool :)
<btami> but forgot all :)
<lupo> as long as we all can speak and write english, everything's fine
<CleeK> that's cool, i would like to know how to speak russian
<btami> ask ra3vat or arturas
<CleeK> they got some cool security hackers :)
<CleeK> r u all developpers of gnue ?
<btami> (me) trying to use/patch/develop
<lupo> i'm just someone who disturbs jcater and jamest (the most active developers wrt forms, designer, reports, navigator, common) to include my bug fixes :)
<lupo> johannes, reinhard and jan (=siesel) develop the application server
<lupo> the rest of the ppl here do diverse stuff
<CleeK> ok
<CleeK> is gnue ready to be used in an enterprise context ?
<lupo> yes
<lupo> at least in two-tier mode
<CleeK> or should i wait for version 1.0 ? :)
<lupo> it's a good access replacement
<lupo> wait a moment, i remember some list of active users in a KC edition
<CleeK> access ? database you mean ?
<CleeK> I don't knwow SAP very well, but gnue should be in the future a free replacement of this soft, no ?
<lupo> http://kt.zork.net/GNUe/gnue20030308_71.html#3
<lupo> microsoft access
<btami> Cleek: yes
<lupo> GNUe is currently targeted for smaller businesses, because we can't claim the stability and scalability of SAP, even with 1.0. but yes, the technical spirit is inspired by SAP and quite a few other packages (Oracle Forms).
<CleeK> I suppose that sap at this time is really bigger than gnue
<lupo> actually, currently it's "just" a set of database-aware applications
<CleeK> ok
<lupo> so you can write most database and ERP related stuff with it
<lupo> i just wouldn't bet a Fortune 500 company on GNUe yet :)
<lupo> SAP is a monster
<lupo> you can do anything with it, and that's IMHO its biggest fault
dsmith (dsmith@oh-strongsvillecadent1-1d-224.clvhoh.adelphia.net) left irc: "later.."
<lupo> when you design with "one size fits all", you'll have at some time the result that "one size fits noone".
Nick change: dimas -> mercy
<CleeK> do u know compiere ?
<CleeK> www.compiere.org
<lupo> the best thing to know what gnue is, install it and write a simple form for an already existing database.
<lupo> compiere is well known around here :)
<CleeK> ok
<lupo> that is one of the standard question :)
<lupo> actually, compiere is not really a free software project
<CleeK> heh :) you don't have a faq on gnue.org :)
<lupo> we have!
<CleeK> oh !!
<CleeK> sorry :)
<CleeK> i didn't see it
<lupo> :)
<lupo> btw, has anyone seen neil tiffin (neilt) in recent days or weeks?
<btami> no
jamest (~jamest@gw.math.ksu.edu) joined #gnuenterprise.
<lupo> jamest! the one and only :)
<jamest> :)
<lupo> what are the next steps for 0.6? :)
deprogram (~hmason@66.94.69.196) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jamest> step 1) finish the features promised in the 0.5.x feature plan :)
<jamest> www.gnuenterprise.org/feature-plans
<jamest> but I forgot to upload new ones last night :(
<lupo> :)
<lupo> i'll try the qt forms driver now
<jamest> it's not done
<jamest> the only fully working driver is wx
<jamest> the others will flesh out over the course of the 0.5.x series
<jamest> having said that I think qt is usable on simpler forms
<lupo> it doesn't work with foreign key stuff in dropdown lists
<btami> hi jamest
<lupo> he doesn't even show the entries :(
<lupo> well
<btami> i'v just committed to fix for dbdrivers (typos)
<btami> but some direcoty renaming needed: sapdb/sapbd -> sapdb/sapdb
<lupo> hm
<lupo> navigator still not usable?
<lupo> that's the one thing that bugs me most :(
Nick change: CleeK -> CleeK-PulA
<jamest> what?
<jamest> lupo: try the zipcode example
<lupo> i tried to make a gpd with a form in it and the form is not displaed
<jamest> i mean for the dropdown lists
<jamest> that sample works
<lupo> hrm
<jamest> gpd was working for me yesterday
<jamest> btami: how's win32 going?
<btami> i have just 1 packaging error now
<lupo> gnue-head/samples/tutorials/forms/zipcode/zipcode.gfd is forms 0.4 format
<btami> it's wery strange
<jamest> lupo forms/samples/zipcode
<jamest> not samples
<jamest> our samples are a mess :(
<jamest> btami: you mean a typo in the driver right
<jamest> not a misnamed directory in the repository
<btami> the dialogs in forms with datasources are working
<btami> but in intro/gauntlet not
<lupo> nope
<lupo> doesn't work with qt driver
<jamest> lupo: AH! qt dropdowns I think are not done yet
<jamest> qt is very rough at the moment
<jamest> sigh
<lupo> with wx it works fine, don't worry
Action: jamest was happy about 0.5.0
<jamest> now I'm reminded how far we have to go
<jamest> lupo: all but the last dialog work for me
<jamest> on debian woody
<jamest> is that what you are seeign?
<lupo> you mean the zipcode stuff?
<btami> jamest: there will be no samples-0.5.0?
<lupo> what dialogs?
<jamest> s/lupo/btami
<jamest> btami: i didn't create one
<jamest> our samples are a complete mess
<jamest> we need to pull them from forms and put in samples
<jamest> i _think_
<jamest> and make them more educational
<lupo> mkay
<jamest> meaning less duplication of features
<jamest> more simple examples
<jamest> gauntlet is not a sample of that
<jamest> i made gauntlet as a way to break forms :)
<btami> jamest: can you rename the sapbd dir to sapdb?
<jamest> where at?
<jamest> i looked and didn't see it
<btami> if not, i have to change the __init__.py
<jamest> where is the dir
<btami> drivers/sapdb/sapbd
<jamest> fsck
<jamest> yeah, just a minute
<btami> thanks
Stoke (~stoker@ppp570.tc-1.roc-pt.ny.localnet.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
Action: lupo is away: buying a lab smock
<btami> have to pick-up kids and go home
<btami> bye
btami (~tamas@ip102-205.ktv.tiszanet.hu) left irc: 
<jamest> reinhard: you around?
<reinhard> yep
<jamest> when releasing last night the new common I bundled up a appserver too
<jamest> and put up as a release
<jamest> but I didn't know the stat (notice no official announcements of the release :)
<jamest> IIRC you guys were ready for a release to match the new common 
<jamest> should I leave it up or pull it?
<reinhard> let me put it this way
<reinhard> we haven't reached a specific milestone yet with appserver
<reinhard> but it's been a long time since the last release and a lot of incompatible changes
<reinhard> so the release is good for 0.0.3
<reinhard> and it makes sense to keep it
Nick change: mercy -> dimas
<reinhard> btw thanks for the effort of doing it
dsmith (~dsmith@borg.altus.cc) joined #gnuenterprise.
Stoke_ (~stoker@ppp209.tc-22.roc-pt.ny.localnet.com) left irc: Read error: 113 (No route to host)
jbailey (~jbailey@atlas.fundserv.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jbailey> released?
<jbailey> Like "released" type of released?
<jbailey> Or a pseudo-fuzzy "almost released" type of released?
<jamest> as in http://www.gnuenterprise.org/downloads/current.php
<jamest> released
<jamest> just not announced
<jamest> except in IRC
<jamest> bundle her up and slap her in sid
<jamest> oooo, i see if images work well enough for you
Action: jamest recalls you needing them
<jbailey> Is it worth packaging appserver yet?
dimas (~dimas@195.218.176.222) left irc: "÷ÙÛÅÌ ÉÚ XChat"
deprogram (~hmason@66.94.69.196) left irc: Read error: 60 (Operation timed out)
<jamest> dunno
<jamest> from earlier today
<jamest> i asked reinhard if he minded my doing that release
<jamest> <reinhard> we haven't reached a specific milestone yet with appserver
<jamest> <reinhard> but it's been a long time since the last release and a lot of incompatible changes
<jamest> <reinhard> so the release is good for 0.0.3
<jamest> <reinhard> and it makes sense to keep it
<jbailey> So, I'm guessing no.
<jbailey> (since he told me not to bother before)
<jamest> ok
<jamest> did you decide to stick it out w/ setup.py?
<jamest> I'm asking because both jcater and myself dislike the current setup system (not enough to switch to autoconf though :)
<jamest> and I think you'll see a nicer setup system soon
<jamest> i was wondering how much of the .deb creation we could automate
<reinhard> jbailey: i think we if we package the next release for appserver
<reinhard> we will still be early enough for sarge :)
<jbailey> I would like to understand what you hate about autoconf.  The concerns you listed seem to largely have been solved in the most recent releases.
<jbailey> reinhard: Parse error
<jamest> my personal issues for disliking it
<jamest>   It's a pain in the ass wrt to missing macros
<jamest>   It's syntax is a pain in having to remember is this where we've went from AM_FU_BAR to AC_BAR_FOO
<reinhard> jbailey: actually i would like to have appserver in sarge when sarge freezes :)
<lupo> jamest: deb creation is quite simple
<lupo> jamest: which part do you want to have automated?
<jamest>   I used to use it religously for all my c programs but really hated using it
<reinhard> jbailey: but 0.0.3 is more a snapshot than a release
<jamest>   Setup.py is pure python, it works on windows, it's easy to understand and extend in any way I desire
<jbailey> jamest: Aside from the Windows issue, which I ackowledge still exists - a configure.in for python should be all of 6 lines.
<jamest> with dependency checking?
<jamest> with --skip-tests?
<jbailey> I mostly wish that gnue would use it so that it complied with the GCS and worked as the principal of least surprise.
<jbailey> jamest: Dependencty checking is implemented by automake.
<jamest> with the custom install we currently do wrt to samples/docs/etc
<jbailey> To run the tests you have to intentionally run make check.
<jamest> yeah, i've used automake/autoconf
<jamest> what I wanted to see
<jamest> setup.py --make-deb
<jamest> What is the maintainer name?
<jamest> What is the foo?
<jbailey> reinhard: Cool.  Just let me know.
<jamest> What is the bar?
<jamest> ETc?
<jamest> Are you sure?
<jamest> Creating GNUe-Forms-0.9.0.deb
<jbailey> I really dislike when upstream packages do things like that.
<jamest> GCS?
<jbailey> The One True Way to build a deb packages is to run 'dpkg-buildpackage' with the right options.
<jbailey> jamest: GNU Coding Standards.
<jamest> ah
<jamest> so to switch we'd have to pick up autoconf and automake and break our ability to install on windows
Action: jamest is thinking.......
<dsmith> jamest: The auto* tools are only for building the dist file.  They shouldn't be necessary once the configure script is written.
<dsmith> jamest: Or so it's supposed to work.
<jamest> they are necessary for the developer
<dsmith> Yes. for cvs
<jamest> I don't care about the user :)
<jamest> j/k 
<jamest> so what are we taking about......
<dsmith> It would take a hardier soul than mine to develop on windows.
<jamest> my auto* skills are rusty
<jamest> makefile.in
<jamest> and configure.in
<jamest> right?
<jbailey> jamest: It's not ideal for windows.  That's correct.
<jamest> not ideal == not work at all right?
<jbailey> jamest: Which is why I haven't just sent a patch to you guys to take care of it.
<jamest> :)
<jbailey> jamest: not work without extra tools.
<dsmith> I've never gained auto* skills.  I'm a Makefile by hand kind of guy.
<jbailey> jamest: What I had proposed originally was that if you all use Unix to do development, you can add a hook to the Makefile to generate the windows executables and the installer.
<jbailey> jamest: You need a Makefile.am, it generates Makefile.in from that.
<jbailey> jamest: So the idea would be that from your GNU/Linux system, you'd run; ./configure, make windows-install
<jamest> if we add a hook to make the exe doesn't that mean we'd still need a setup.py or has autotools replaced that functionality of dist-utils?
<jbailey> jamest: And from there it would generate everything you needed to just install on windows
<jamest> since setup.py makes the exe
<jbailey> Phone afk.
<jbailey> back
Nick change: CleeK-PulA -> CleeK
<jbailey> I'm not so familiar with what setup.py does.  I had looked at a package a while back that was a windows installer and the packages could be created from Unix.
jcater (~jason@w202.z065105010.mem-tn.dsl.cnc.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jamest> well, actually I'm no thinking clearly
<jamest> setup.py doesn't do the .exe
<jamest> mcmillian installer does that
<jamest> it's been ages since I've messed with it though (thanks btami! :)
<jamest> setup.py does automatic building of .tgz, .zip, and .rpm files
<jamest> it allows us to write any python we want as part of the install process
<jamest> so we use it to autogenerate sh or .bat scripts at install time
<jamest> it handles proper placement of all files including docs, config files, images
<jbailey> That placement, certainly in a posix environment, is handled by the autotools.  I'm just reading the mcmillan-inc.com web page right now.
<jamest> so what are we talking about bottom line?
<jamest> which files need maintained in autoconf?
<jbailey> We're talking that unless there's a useful solution for the Windows platforms, autotools won't do it for you.
<jbailey> The only files in autoconf are:
<jbailey> configure.in
<jbailey> and at least one Makefile.am, but up to as one per directory.
<jamest> sorry, I talk about autoconf as autoconf and everything needed to make it work (automake, etc)
<jbailey> So do I.
<jamest> if we need to test to see if a python module is importable?  does that require a C code fragment?
<jbailey> No, I think you should be able to do that in autoconf.  I'd have to look - When I did my couple of Python bits, I wasn't looking for python modules.
<jbailey> (wihtout C code.  No point in using C for a python module!)
<jamest> my only experience with auto* was using c/tcl
<jamest> and I just remember it being more painfull a process than setup.py
<jbailey> Most of mine is with C and C++.  Lemme look to see if there's a macro for detecting python module dependencies.
<jamest> for the record: i think auto* sucks.  I think setup.py sucks too.
<jbailey> jamest: You've made that clean.  I just don't yet see why you think it sucks. =)
<jamest> because it is difficult to use
<jamest> it has a strange grammar AC_FOO_BAR
<jamest> AM_BAR_FOO
<jamest> AM_WHO_KNOWNS
<jamest> that you have to know to use AM_THIS_NOW
<jbailey> What is strange about that?  You have macros and they take parameters.
<jamest> which is replaced a few months later by AC_THAT_WAS_THEN
<jamest> which breaks my stuff
<jbailey> They don't generally replace macros much anymore.
<jamest> and there doesn't seem to be much logic to the macro names
<jamest> so I can't derive what to use next
<jamest> I recall my auto* days as constaint digging thru the available macros to see if something was already setup
<jamest> it's a very powerfull system I admin
youssef (~youssef@adsl-128-36.wanadoo.be) joined #gnuenterprise.
Action: jcater wants a custom installation program personally
<jamest> but it's written to provide a language like C all the stuff it needs to be portable across inconsistant systems
<jbailey> Ah.  there's AC_PY_CHECK_LIB(foo) that looks to see if foo.py is in the python library path.
<jamest> s/admin/admit
<youssef> hello
<jamest> python doesn't have the portability issues that C does (IMNSHO)
<jamest> hello youssef
<jamest> so I'm not 100% sure we need that complexity
<jamest> to be fair the one place python does need to worry about it (file mappings) setup.py sucks 
Action: youssef is interested in memory translation and translation
<jamest> it handles windows/unix installs differently which I hate
<jbailey> Most apps don't need the complexity of the autotools.
<jbailey> But it's very nice to know that ./configure; make; make install will work on 95% of the apps out there.
<jamest> I wanted to see a much nicer custom install too jcater
<jamest> i wonder if we can autocreate the files auto* needs 
<jamest> or if that is a maintenance nightmare
<jcater> with the custom installer?
<jcater> or in general?
<jbailey> What's your vision for a custom installer?
<jamest> i'd rather see a dict based dependency (with the installer) system
<jamest> along the lines of what GParser, GConfig do
<jamest> so that a gnue package defines a few dicts in it's setup 
<jamest> and doesn't worry about how things get done
<youssef> do GNUe need translators for French ?
<jamest> right now each setup.py is custom
<jamest> youssef: we're alway interested in people willing to do translation
<jamest> I'm not sure we have anyone doing french translations at the moment
<jcater> I envision the installer being like what jamest said
<jcater> but also it provides a nice front end for users used to oracle-like installers
<jcater> it could also spit out packages, possibly
<jcater> like .deb setup files
<youssef> how can a translator begin to translate ?
<jcater> with dialog support
<jbailey> It seems wrong to put that in the installer.
<jbailey> And not in the build system.
<jcater> sigh
Action: jcater thinks jbailey is thinking too "C"
<jcater> :^)
<jbailey> jcater: In what way?  I have an installer on Debian.  It's called 'apt-get'.  Similar for RedHat, 'rpm'.
<jcater> yeah
<jbailey> It would be wrong for those to themselves produce packages for other systems.
<jcater> and people are having to hand-maintain those installers
<jcater> sigh
<jcater> no
<jcater> the installation generator could spit out packages
<jbailey> jcater: They'll always need to be hand maintained - The requirements for each distribution is different.
Action: jcater needs to get back to work
<jcater> but for the record, I am against auto*
<jamest> then we steal the plug-in idea from our drivers to allow a redhat-plugin, debian-plugin, mandrake-plugin
<jamest> that live in the installer and only need done once in the setup system and not per package
<jamest> it's a dream I know :)
<jamest> ./setup.py --just-work-dammit
<jamest> i'd be very interested to see if we can make setup.py spit out the auto* stuff
<jamest> then we'd both be happy
<jamest> and people that prefer one system over the other could use it
<jamest> as it really isn't one or the other
Action: youssef is busy
Nick change: youssef -> youssef_busy
<youssef_busy> see you
<youssef_busy> good luck
<youssef_busy> bye
youssef_busy (~youssef@adsl-128-36.wanadoo.be) left #gnuenterprise ("Fermeture du client").
<jamest> youssef_busy: I'm not sure who (if anyone) coordinates translation.  Maybe derek knows.
<jamest> darn
<jbailey> Navigator?  What's navigator?
<jamest> right now?  not much
<jamest> it's a menu system that launchs apps,reports, other programs
<jbailey> ah, okay.  So nothing i'll need for Debian then.
<jamest> it can add it's process def file to the gnome or kde menu 
<jamest> and it does connection pooling 
<jamest> so if you log into a form via navigator it holds that connection for other gnue tools you launch
<jamest> read :single logon
<jbailey> oh hmm.
<jamest> it's not getting much TCL
<jamest> but I depend upon it here at work 
<jbailey> I don't really want to require that someone have to go into a tool to get into the various GNUe pieces.  Will it eventually be transparent if you go right into one of the apps directly?
<jamest> so the users have to learn 1 command to get to a menu of the other stuff
<jamest> it's not quite like that
<jamest> in the wx mode you have a tree on the left
<jamest> Sale
<jamest>   enter order
<jamest> hang on
<jamest> Sales
<jamest>   order entry
<jamest> HR
<jamest>   personnel maintenance
<jamest>   benefits crap
<jamest> General
<jamest>   zipcode maint
<jamest>   coutry maint
<jamest> it uses gpd file (gnue process definition) where you can define 
<jamest> steps in a process
<jamest> run this form
<jamest> run this app
<jamest> generate this report
<jamest> as the user navigates the tree a html frame on the right can contain any help screens you deem needed
<jamest> so the user can browse thru tasks 
<jamest> and select the task they need to accomplish
<jamest> it (should) then guide them thru the process
<jamest> i'm not sure how we'd deal w/ connection pooling in the outside apps
<jamest> I don't know if python support  shared memory segments
<jamest> where I find navigator handy
<jamest> i used to use forms symlink trick to make things like
<jamest> school_maint launch the school_maint form
<jamest> as the number of forms users used increased the number of command they had to learn increase
<jamest> now they remember 1
<jcater> in soviet russia, the commands remember you
<jcater> doh! sorry, recovering from slashdot reading this mornign
<jbailey> BLECH.  This is the part I hate most about updating this package.  Is getting the changes all right for the setup.py
CleeK (~CleeK@csahut.net1.nerim.net) left irc: "BitchX: now with wings"
<jamest> huh?
<jbailey> I have to modify the setup.cfg.in
<jbailey> BUt it changes with every release.
<jbailey> This time some lines aren't needed anymore, so I have to renumber the patch offsets.
<jamest> what do you have to do to it?  can you send me a sample?
<jbailey> jcater provided the original, but it's basicalyl setting 'prefix' to be 'stage' in setup.cfg.in
<jbailey> and then create a site.cfg
<jbailey> (site.cfg.debian)
hmason (~hmason@66.94.69.196) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jbailey> jamest: I'm guessing that it's so that during build, it doesn't try to write to readonly directories.
<jbailey> gnue-common-0.5.0-1_all.deb ready for testing.
<jbailey> I need to hack something together to create a connections.conf file.  Hmm
<chillywilly> ello
<jamest> jbailey: ?
<havoc> chillywilly: morning
<jamest> you mean a whiptail like thing?
<jamest> or just a default?
<jbailey> jamest: Yeah.  I'd do it in debconf, though, so it could be in whiptail, dialog, etc.
<jbailey> A default one would fix the bug for now, but I should probably offer an automated setup.
<chillywilly> hi Jon
<jbailey> I'm a bit mixed.  I'm not raelly sure how I should approach it.  I thin having a systemwide connections.conf is probably not the right thing for many people.
<jbailey> Hmm
<jbailey> Maybe I should just put an empty default one in /etc/gnue (in case system-wide is wanted), and then hack it to look in ~/.gnue for another one.
<chillywilly> most debian packages give you commented out configs and/or a config that you need to change to suit your needs
<chillywilly> but at keats you have an example to work with
<chillywilly> least
<chillywilly> better than writing on from scratch
<chillywilly> in most cases
<jamest> true dat
<jamest> the default could just contain a boilerplate for the [gnue] connection
<jbailey> Sure.  I don't like default config files with examples in them - It's best provided in a man page.
<chillywilly> then the install dialog says before this is useful modify it to suit your needs
<jbailey> (that way it's still there after the config file is changed)
<chillywilly> or something like that
<jbailey> chillywilly: There should be no reason to have an install dialog for gnue on debian.
<chillywilly> well it helps to be reminded and told of the config file ansd what you have to do
<chillywilly> imho
<jbailey> chillywilly: It's a violation of debconf policy
<jbailey> Can't do it. =(
Action: chillywilly thinks of dhcpd which he installed the other day
<chillywilly> why do they do it for dhcpd
<jbailey> Hmm.  Is gnue known to work with wxgtk2.4?
<jamest> yes
<jamest> it's prefered
<jbailey> chillywilly: Because dhcpd is an essential package, and not configuring it could leave you unable to access the machine.
<chillywilly> oh
<jbailey> chillywilly: So in that case, it's a bug not to tell you.
<chillywilly> hrrrm
<jbailey> jamest: Thanks!
<jamest> in fact hurry up with getting sid into sarge into stable
<chillywilly> sorry I am not familiar with policy
<jamest> as we want to dump support for wx2.2 :)
<chillywilly> the dialog thing isn't that important anyway
<jbailey> chillywilly: It's all good.  That's why you guys keep me around. =)
<jamest> grumble, grumble, libc maintainer, grumble, grumble
<jamest> or are people still blaming things on that dude?
<jbailey> jamest: libc?  glibc's fine.. for now. =)
<jbailey> gotom wants to break it again. =)
<jamest> er, damn
<jamest> s/libc/glibc
<chillywilly> jbailey: tell him no
<jamest> break it again?
<jamest> how?
<chillywilly> ;)
<jbailey> Should I still be using python2.2, or should I use python2.3?
<jamest> whichever you prefer
<jamest> i think i run 2.3 at home
<jbailey> chillywilly: I did.  So far he's listening.  But there's alot of bugs that the newer package fixes.
<jbailey> chillywilly: The down side is that it breaks 2 arch's badly, so would halt testing again.
<jamest> sigh
<jcater> you know there's no 2.3 right?
<jcater> that's alpha/cvs
<jamest> ooooooo
<jbailey> jcater: Ah, really?  
<jamest> crap, that's right
<jamest> i forgot that
<jbailey> jcater: I just noticed that there' python2.3 packages and alot of modules. =)
<jamest> it's in alpha status
<jbailey> Okay.  I'll stick to 2.2 then. =)
<jbailey> Someone will file a bug when I need to switch.
Action: chillywilly tries to stick with 2.2
<jamest> as far as the dependency
<jamest> anything >= 2.0 should work
<jbailey> (like happened when they noticed that I wasn't using wx 2.4 yet)
Action: jamest doesn't always like the fact sid debs depend on the latest and greatest
<jcater> jamest: only problem is depending on python's modules
<derek> so do we avhe a release?
<jcater> i.e., what if you have python2.2, python2.3 and python2.3-xml
Action: derek doesnt have time to read backlog :)
<jcater> and it's running against python2.2
<jamest> then read the topic 
<jamest> ;P
<jbailey> derek: I'll have sid packages for you to test soon.
<jamest> it was release last night so you could test it
<jcater> the deb would pass the dependency check, but wouldn't be runnable
<jamest> as you had the time
<jcater> so I think that's why they have to do specific python point releases
Action: jamest thwaps derek
<lupo> back
<jamest> ah, makes sense
<derek> club wife works for went out business (she got call late last night)
<jcater> ouch
<jbailey> jamest: Is there a sample empty connections.conf somewhere that I could use?
<derek> so my plans to do work last night were thwarted :(
<jamest> touch connections.conf
<derek> jbailey: how far off are sid's?
<jamest> empty enough?
<jbailey> derek: About 30 minutes.
<jbailey> jamest: Is that enough to start the program?
Action: derek has some work to clear off plate, but can test after lunch
<lupo> can i ask someone about navigator?
<jamest> i don't think you even need it at all
<jamest> if you do then it's a bug
<jamest> i think
<jbailey> jamest: Lovely.  Then beat Derek for filing it against the debian package instead of upstream.
<jamest> with pleasure
Action: jamest thwaps derek
Action: jamest thwaps derek again
Action: jamest thwaps derek a 3rd time
<jamest> hey jason, you want in on this?
Action: chillywilly thwaps derek with a smelly trout
<jbailey> jamest: Can I tag the bug upstream, wontfix then and just hope that it's fixed in 0.5.1? =)
<jamest> i think so
<jamest> ought to let jcater comment as maybe he did make that a requirement
<jamest> last I knew it wasn't 
<jcater> I think it's always been a requirement 
<jcater> but not saying it should be
Action: jamest scratches his head
<jamest> you mean I have to take back the thwapings?
<jbailey> No.
<jbailey> It's still an upstream bug.
<lupo> __init_() got multiple values for keyword argument 'connections'
<lupo> TypeError, this is
<jamest> gack!
<jamest> what program?
<lupo> mom
Nick change: jbailey -> mom
<mom> YeS?
<jamest> you installed GNUe on your mom?
<mom> Ewww.
Action: derek doesnt remember what bug i filed
Nick change: mom -> jbailey
<jamest> that's just so wrong on so many levels
<derek> but i think the deb package should be placing a connections.conf
<lupo> go hom
<lupo> :)
<lupo> navigator
<derek> regardless of whether the program demands it
<lupo> DB001: [GNObjects:165] Running form thisworks.gfd
<lupo> DB010: [UIwxpython:248] connections is <gnue.common.datasources.GConnections.GConnections instance at 0x81ad05c>
<lupo> DB000: Traceback (most recent call last):
<lupo> DB000:   File "/home/lupo/cvs/gnue-head/.cvsdevelbase/gnue/navigator/UIwxpython.py", line 188, in OnTreeItemActivated
<lupo> DB000:     object.run()
<derek> as gnue w/o out a database is pretty useless
<lupo> DB000:   File "/home/lupo/cvs/gnue-head/.cvsdevelbase/gnue/navigator/GNObjects.py", line 166, in run
<lupo> DB000:     self._controller._clientHandlers[self.type](self)
<lupo> DB000:   File "/home/lupo/cvs/gnue-head/.cvsdevelbase/gnue/navigator/UIwxpython.py", line 239, in runForm
<lupo> DB000:     self._runForm(formfile)
<lupo> DB000:   File "/home/lupo/cvs/gnue-head/.cvsdevelbase/gnue/navigator/UIwxpython.py", line 251, in _runForm
<lupo> DB000:     ui=ui, disableSplash=1)
<lupo> DB000: TypeError: __init__() got multiple values for keyword argument 'connections'
<jamest> ah, crap
Action: derek thinks the programs may not need it
<jamest> that's longhand for, expect a new navigator release real soon now
<derek> but the packaging should create one
<derek> roflmao
<jamest> probably let derek work his magic today
<jamest> and break every damn package he tries
<jbailey> derek: I'm not certain it should.
<jamest> then do a 0.x.1 release
<jbailey> derek: It's quite possible for there to be no system-wide connections.
<derek> jbailey: my point is lets not do this the "painful" way
<derek> lets do it the "easy" way
<derek> that is if we dont provide a connections.conf
<derek> support work goes up 400%
<derek> as that will be the most FAQ
<derek> it will already be asked over and over
<jbailey> The right way is to provide tools to create them.
<lupo> I HAVE FOUND A BOOOOG
<derek> because we will have to show them how to change values properly
<lupo> yes yes yes
<jbailey> The user should be able to run (or have run automatically on the first time) a wizard that will handle the config file for them.
<jbailey> The sysadmin can edit the one in /etc by hand if it's needed.
<jamest> um
<jbailey> (the user one that I think should be in ~/.gnue)
<jcater> I think we need to add support for user-level connections.conf
<jcater> but I don't think the debian packages should support that
<jbailey> jcater: Details. =)
<jcater> until the main release does
Action: jcater thinks that's going to be a big headache for the debian maintainer
<lupo> navigator/src/UIwxpython.py, line 249: remove "self" as a parameter!
<jamest> lupo: does that remove your bug?
<lupo> yep
<lupo> it creates another, but much later :)
<jamest> sigh
<lupo> the new one is GFInstance instance has no attribute 'setForm', line 264, same file
<lupo> nonetheless, line 249 is impossible according to everything i know about python :)
<derek> jbailey: can you make common create the connections.conf
<jbailey> derek: I can.
<derek> i.e. prompt people for driver, server, database etc
<jbailey> derek: Yes.
<derek> then allow them to 'skip' it
<jbailey> derek: But like I said, I'm not sure that's the right thing.
<derek> and latter they can come back and do
<derek> dpkg-reconfigure gnue-common
<jbailey> derek: If it prompted the user the first time they pulled up one of the apps, it would be better.
<jbailey> derek: It's goign to take more thinking about and then some elbow grease either way.
<jcater> I don't see very many personal connections.conf files
<jcater> except for developers
Action: derek is pro anything that prevents i apt-get install gnue-*
<derek> and it doesnt do anything
<derek> that is it designer forms etc get put on menu system somewhere
<jbailey> derek: The problem with the prompting is that then I have to be able to parse the connections.conf files and deal with any custom changes the users might make without breaking the file.
<derek> jcater/jamest at one time we discussed
<jbailey> Yeah, I keep meaning to add the menu entries. =)
<derek> if you ran forms
<jbailey> jcater: Hard to say.  They'd be used here, because everyone needs different connections.
<derek> and didnt pass it a form it would pop a dialog to select a valid forms file
<derek> did we ever do that?
<derek> or did we decide against it?
<lupo> okay, fixed that as well.
<jbailey> jcater: And the users should be able to connect to new datasources without calling IT.
<jbailey> (so it can't require root access)
<lupo> what is "unknown step type form"
<lupo> in navigator
<jcater> but again you are talking developers
<jcater> I didn't say there was no use for user-level
<jcater> but the majority of them won't be
<jamest> lupo, let me try to run my dept .gpd file thru navigaot
<jbailey> jcater: Perhaps we have different definitions of developers. =)
Action: jamest swore he did this 
<dsmith> How about adding a directory, /etc/gnue/connections.d or something, where there can be lot's of conf files, so the main .conf doesn't need to be edited?
<jamest> developer: over caffinated, undersexed, social outcast that talks to machines.
<dsmith> And have a default .conf file that just talks to a text flatfile db or something?
<lupo> jamest: what version do you use?
#gnuenterprise: mode change '+o jbailey' by ChanServ!ChanServ@services.
Topic changed on #gnuenterprise by jbailey!~jbailey@atlas.fundserv.com: We've released new versions of appserver,common,designer,forms,navigator, and reports.  http://www.gnuenterprise.org/downloads/current.php  Share and Enjoy! | Running Debian unstable?  Add this to your sources.list: deb http://people.debian.org/~jbailey gnue sid
<jbailey> completely untested of course. =)
<jbailey> Now back to my regularily scheduled..
<jbailey> err..
Action: jbailey looks at my watch
<jbailey> lunch it looks like.
Action: jbailey is away: food
<jamest> lupo: 0.4.x in production, was going to 0.5.x this week
<lupo> mkay
<lupo> CVS head is currently 0.5 more or less?
<jamest> cvs head is 0.5 i think
<jamest> unless someone commited in last 15 hours
<lupo> okay
<lupo> then i use 0.5 == CVS head
<lupo> do you think we can go through my observations?
<jamest> sure
<jamest> I'm looking at it now here too
<lupo> okay
Action: lupo has a lot of coffee, so be prepared :)
<jamest> i've only got 30 min
<lupo> then we'll make it quick
<lupo> i see that in navigator/src/UIwxpython.py, line 264, an outdated method "setForm" (which does not work) is used. I suppose this should be "buildForm" by now.
<lupo> indeed, when using buildForm instead of setForm and debuglevel=10, then i get all the typical forms startup debug output, so i conclude this must be right method to be called.
<jamest> ok, hang on
<derek> jcater: on timeline where is designer ability to support navigator
<derek> er that is where i can make navigator screens with designer
<jamest> i think other things should take priority over that
<lupo> derek: i think that navigator itself should have priority over its design tool
<lupo> that's why i'm extensively testing it right now
<lupo> and jamest is my core team victim (CTV) [tm]
<jamest> sigh
<jamest> this is all screwed up
<jamest> i don't think i'll have her running before lunch
<jamest> but this is major roadblock to my deployment here so it will be running soon
<lupo> mkay
<lupo> i hope i have given you some pointers. actually, it's about two simple fixes as far as i can see
<lupo> want a patch?
<jamest> sure
dsmith (~dsmith@borg.altus.cc) left irc: "later.."
<jamest> crap
<lupo> crap?
<jamest> yeah
<jamest> crap
<jamest> i'm not sure how you'd get this to run with only a two line patch
<lupo> hehe
<jamest> maybe I need more caffinee
<jamest> this is screwed up
<jamest>       formfile = os.environ['INSTALL_PREFIX']+'/'+formdir+"/"+step.location
<jamest> so on my system I get
<jamest> /usr/local/gnue//usr/local/math/forms/formname.gfd
Action: chillywilly definitely needs more caffiene
<jamest> not real useful 
<jamest> :)
<jamest> what should the default behaviour be?
<jamest> if the step.location starts with a / then that's absolute
<derek> lupo: i agree
Action: derek asked for where it fit in roadmap
<derek> not pushing for designer support as part of this release
<lupo> jamest: yep.
<jamest> else it tries formdir+"/"+step.location
<jamest> if that fails then
<jamest> step.location
<jamest> ?
<lupo> jamest: yes, that would be the best behavior.
<lupo> there's no navigator-support@gnuenterprise.org, shall i send it to you, anyone important to CC?
<lupo> btw, i have used a relative path for that, so no probs for me.
<jamest> just to me
<jamest> jamest@math.ksu.edu would be best
<jamest> or should it flip the last two
<lupo> jamest@gnuenterprise.org?
<jamest> jamest@math.ksu.edu would be best
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) left irc: Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)
<jamest> lunch!
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) joined #gnuenterprise.
<lupo> jamest: you have deserved that. :)
<lupo> hi reinhard
<lupo> oh, rejoin
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) left irc: Remote closed the connection
<derek> oh how yummyu
<derek> got smb to mount win2k machines over vpn
<derek> if ONLY i could get adaytum to run under wine
<derek> i think i woudl be golden
<derek> is there someway to enable file compression over smb?
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) joined #gnuenterprise.
<lupo> jamest: okay, i'll send you a new fix. it let's navigator work, the only downside is that forms doesn't work _within_ navigator. i hope that helps.
<lupo> derek: i'm not sure whether smb supports file compression
<derek> lupo: i imagine it doesnt
Action: derek is jazzed i got it to work at all
<derek> but over modem line would be nice to have faster way to get dir listings and such
Action: jbailey is back (gone 00:46:26)
<lupo> derek: according to google, it doesn't.
<jbailey> derek: Tried my debs yet? =0
<jbailey> =)
<derek> nope working :(
<derek> lunch is soon
<derek> then will grab
<lupo> hehe
<lupo> theo de raadt is way cool :)
<jbailey> Cool, thanks!
<lupo> http://www.globetechnology.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20030406.whack46/GTStory
<jcater> derek: you could likely do a ssh tunnel for smb traffic
<jcater> which you could then enable compression over
SachaS (~Sacha@dialup-196-58.wasp.net.au) left irc: Excess Flood
SachaS (~Sacha@dialup-196-58.wasp.net.au) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jamest> lupo: your second patch is getting closer :)
<jamest> give me a bit to see what I can do
<jamest> what did you mean by it opens forms in an own window
<lupo> in the navigator window, left side, i click on the process step where the form should be loaded. the login dialog pops up, i enter my data and a forms client is started in a separate window
<jamest> that's how it aways worked
<jamest> the navigator window stays open in it's window, the form launches seperate
<jamest> so you can launch multiple forms from the same menu
<jamest> what it's doing for me that I don't like
<lupo> so it's not a bug, it's a feature :)
<jamest> is open a form and select the jump to record icon
<lupo> and then?
<derek> jcater: hmmm interesting approach
Action: derek is thinking it better to first try to get vpn client working so can use broadband
<jamest> doesn't it make the navigator window pop to the top?
<lupo> oh
<jamest> over the launched form
<lupo> jamest: no, not for me
<lupo> jamest: but it produces a KeyError: _jumpto :)
<jamest> ah
<jamest> lol
<jamest> nevermind
<jamest> prior to lunch I think i got the form mostly working
<jamest> but not the path crap
<jamest> you need to do 
<jamest>       #
<jamest>       # Build the form tree
<jamest>       #
<jamest>       instance.addFormFromFile(formfile)
<jamest>       #
<jamest>       # Start the instance
<jamest>       #
<jamest>       instance.addDialogs()
<jamest>       #instance.buildForm(form)
<jamest>       instance.activate()
<jamest> why the addDialogs()?
<jamest> i think the dude that created that system is fscked in the head
<lupo> lol
<derek> dialogs are sexy
<jamest> as I have no clue why he made it seperate step
<lupo> roflmoa
<lupo> mao
<lupo> jamest: can you commit that?
<jamest> yeah, just a sec
<jamest> i've butchered the formfile stuff above it
<jamest> commited
<lupo> thanks
<lupo> works as expected
<jamest> please test it out good :)
<jamest> i'm going to pull the current release
<derek> jbailey: what got uploaded?
<lupo> pull?
<derek> gnue-common - The shared library for many items of the GNU Enterprise Frameworkgnue-designer - A Rapid Application Development tool for GNU Enterprise.
<jamest> pull
<derek> gnue-forms-wxgtk - An XML-based forms painter
<derek> gnue-reports - An XML-based output-independent reporting system
<derek> is what i see out there
<jamest> 0.0.3 is unusable
<lupo> oh
<jamest> 0.0.4 will be usable
<lupo> thaaaaat "pull" :)
<derek> cool all four seem to be new
Action: jamest counts the packages derek lists
<jamest> 1...2....3
<derek> hmmm
<derek> gnue-designer didnt paste
<derek> but it was updated
<jamest> ah
<jamest> ok
<derek> jbailey: errors galore on install
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/psutils/PSOutputStream.py", line 45
<derek>     PS_HEADER = """\
<derek> %!PS-Adobe-3.0
<derek> """"
<derek>                     
<derek>                
<derek>    ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid token
<derek> is last error before it finally died but there were several before it
<jcater> Standard/* can be stripped out for the .debs
<derek> i will message them to you
<derek> ah hell i will post them here as most look like python errors
<derek> so jcater/jamest may want to comment
<derek> Setting up gnue-forms-wxgtk (0.5.0-1) ...
<derek> /usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/forms/uidrivers/curses/UIdriver.py:0: SyntaxWarning: name '_EVENTPROCESSOR' is assigned to before global declaration
[13:00] Last message repeated 1 time(s).
<derek> Setting up gnue-designer (0.5.0-1) ...
<derek> Setting up gnue-reports (0.1.1-1) ...
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/Parser.py", line 161
<derek>     'sortoptions':  {
<derek>     ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/psutils/FontMetrics.py", line 47
<derek>     for line in handle.readlines()
<derek>                                   ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/psutils/PSOutputStream.py", line 45
<derek>     PS_HEADER = """\
<derek> %!PS-Adobe-3.0
<derek> """"
<derek>                     
<derek>                
<derek>    ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid token
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/Parser.py", line 161
<derek>     'sortoptions':  {
<derek>     ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/psutils/FontMetrics.py", line 47
<derek>     for line in handle.readlines()
<derek>                                   ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/reports/adapters/filters/Standard/Base/psutils/PSOutputStream.py", line 45
<derek>     PS_HEADER = """\
<derek> %!PS-Adobe-3.0
<derek> """"
<derek>                     
<derek>                
<derek>    ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid token
<derek> Setting up gnue-common (0.5.0-1) ...
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/common/datasources/drivers/odbc/mxodbc/Driver.py", line 128
<derek>     def _buildQuery(self, conditions={}forDetail=None,sql=""):
<derek>                                                ^
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/common/datasources/drivers/odbc/mxodbc/Driver.py", line 128
<derek>     def _buildQuery(self, conditions={}forDetail=None,sql=""):
<derek>                                                ^
<jbailey> Anyone actually know what these errors mean?
<derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<jcater> Standard/* should be stripped out for the .debs... it can be removed from the setup.py if need be
<derek> oodles and oodles of unable to delete foo because not empty for common and reports
<jcater> it will play a big role in 0.2.0 of reports, but wasn't used at all in 0.1.0
Action: derek suspects its due to directory structure changes in the two
<jbailey> jcater: In both designer and reports?
<derek> let me know why its time to apt-get update; apt-get install gnue-reports gnue-designer gnue-common gnue-forms-wxgtk
<derek> s/why/when
<jcater> is there one in designer?
<jbailey> ./gnue-designer-0.5.0/build-tree/GNUe-Designer-0.5.0/src/reports/Standard
<jbailey> ./gnue-designer-0.5.0/build-tree/GNUe-Designer-0.5.0/build/lib/gnue/designer/reports/Standard
<jbailey> ./gnue-designer-0.5.0/build-tree/GNUe-Designer-0.5.0/stage/lib/python/gnue/designer/reports/Standard
<jcater> that's definitely not a usable part of designer yet
<jbailey> derek: Does forms work?
<jcater> I don't think it'd hurt to remove it, but am not 100% positive
<derek> jbailey: i didnt attempt to try
<derek> based on it erroring out
<derek> er i guess it didnt error out only warninigs
<jbailey> Oh, I didn't see the error up there.
<derek> let me give it a whirl
<jbailey> Tx.
<jbailey> Can I otherwise consider derek's gnue-forms warning reported here, or do I need to drop it into dcl?
<derek> jbailey: we should really do all bugs via dcl, but jamest jcater prefer irc :)
<jbailey> derek: I go with whatever method the people who fix them prefer.
<derek> and since they are squashing the bugs
<derek> ....
<jcater> I don't think the forms issue is an error
<jcater> just a warning
<derek> jbailey: forms passed my most 'basic' test
<derek> latitude:/home/dneighbo/cvs/gnue# gnue-forms --version
<derek> GNUe Forms
<derek> Version 0.5.0
<derek> GNUe Common Version 0.5.0
<derek> latitude:/home/dneighbo/cvs/gnue# 
<jbailey> jcater: Looks like.  It would be nice if I could silence it somehow, though.
<jcater> well, seeing as how curses wasn't functional/intended to be .deb-ianized this release
<jcater> you could squash it real easy
<jcater> :)
<lupo> um
<derek> forms appears to work
<jbailey> jcater: True.  Should I just rm -rf the curses directory?
<jcater> probably
<derek> jcater: curses isnt debianized
<derek> i.e. i dont see a gnue-forms-curses
<lupo> has anyone of you thought about role based access control in navigator? (jamest: i've already asked you)
<jcater> derek: right
<jcater> that's what I just said
<jcater> there's no reason to keep the curses/* stuff
<jcater> in gnue-forms-wxgtk
<jbailey> Yeah.  I'll sort out that properly when there's another frontend that's ready to package.
<derek> lupo: yes
<lupo> derek: documented or in your mind?
<jcater> QT was *very* close to being ready
<derek> in fact much of navigator was started off of stanley kleins
<derek> document
<jcater> but we really wanted to get a release out
<jcater> it's been too long
<derek> about process definitions
<derek> his document of course talked much higher level than anything implementation based
<jbailey> error: package directory 'src/uidrivers/curses' does not exist
<jbailey> Blech
<lupo> where can i find this proposal?
<jbailey> Where else do I need to prune it.  Just src/GFClient.py?
<jbailey> Or is thre a Makefile type thing that also mentions it?
<derek> right now we are far from an implementation
<derek> jcater: you aware bug i reported at pre8 still exists
<derek> wrt to lookup boxes?
<jcater> which one
<jcater> yes
<derek> ok
<derek> any chance a 0.5.1 will fix that?
<jcater> hopefully
<jcater> though if I knew what was causing i5t
<derek> or this one of those, we did really bad thing, time to rethink?
<jcater> it'd be fixed in 0.5.0
<derek> :)
<derek> as we use in a few places in gnue-sb
<derek> im hoping very soon to get something useful
<lupo> derek: so where's the document :)
<jbailey> What's the right solution for the gnue-common bug?
<derek> lupo: let me find it
<lupo> thx
<derek> http://www.gnuenterprise.org/project/docs/security.html
<derek> talks about security and has sections on RBAC but its not what i was thinking of
<lupo> derek: i will read thru it so i have a base for work and/or discussion
<lupo> bye then
Action: lupo is away
<jbailey>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/common/datasources/drivers/odbc/mxodbc/Driver.py", line 128
<jbailey>     def _buildQuery(self, conditions={}forDetail=None,sql=""):
<jbailey>                                                ^
<jbailey> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<reinhard> brb
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) left irc: "This sentence no verb"
lupo (lupo@pD9E6804D.dip.t-dialin.net) left #gnuenterprise.
siesel (jan@xdsl-213-196-208-10.netcologne.de) joined #gnuenterprise.
<siesel> hi all
<hmason> hi :>
Nick change: hmason -> deprogram
<siesel> *sniff* there are no debian packages for powerpc :(
<jbailey> What?
<jbailey> They're arch: any
<jbailey> err.
<jbailey> arch: all rather
<siesel> hmm, I'll try again.
<jbailey> you running unstable?
<siesel> on i386 yes. on powerpc woody + parts of unstable
<jbailey> It's not in testing right now, so if your sources aren't pointed at unstable, you might not get it.
<siesel> I pointed to people.debian.org/~jbailey
<jbailey> oh hmm.
<jbailey> Sorry, that's my bad then.
<siesel> but forgot, that there is just a binary-i386 subdir ;)
<jbailey> They're arch: all, but I have them in a binary-i386 subdir because that's what my script wants.
<jbailey> I just need to figure out how apt-ftparchive works a bit better and it would be fine.
<siesel> wget + dpkg work too :)
<siesel> its just a heap of dependencies missing in woody :)
SachaS (~Sacha@dialup-196-58.wasp.net.au) got netsplit.
SachaS (~Sacha@dialup-196-58.wasp.net.au) returned to #gnuenterprise.
chillywilly (~danielb@CPE-24-167-199-51.wi.rr.com) left irc: "leaving"
chillywilly (~danielb@CPE-24-167-199-51.wi.rr.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) joined #gnuenterprise.
dsmith (~dsmith@borg.altus.cc) joined #gnuenterprise.
chillywilly (~danielb@CPE-24-167-199-51.wi.rr.com) left irc: "leaving"
chillywilly (~danielb@CPE-24-167-199-51.wi.rr.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
ToyMan (~stuq@smtp.dstoys.com) left irc: "Client Exiting"
reinhard (~reinhard@M1254P024.adsl.highway.telekom.at) left irc: "No problem is so interesting that you can't just walk away from it"
Stoke (~stoker@ppp570.tc-1.roc-pt.ny.localnet.com) left irc: Read error: 110 (Connection timed out)
<derek> jbailey: were you going to brew new debs with fixes ?
<derek> i have a few moments to test again
<jbailey> derek: I don't have fixes for the problems yet.
<derek> Vee2d2: you around today?
<jbailey> on hpone - slow responses
<jamest> what are the problems?
<derek> jbailey: i thought jamest/jcater gave direction on deleting many of the things to remove the errors?
<derek> jamest: should all be in back log
<jamest> that's really not his problem is it?
<jamest> that'd be ours
<derek> jamest: not sure
<derek> if he is using autotools probably his problem
<jamest> or are they package issues on debian
<derek> if using setup.py prolly yours
<derek> that is the directories have to be in cvs as you all are 'working' on those features
<derek> just they aren't done so no need to be in the packages
<derek> at least thats what i gathered from the ui driver errors/warnings (curses)
<derek> and the reports/common errors (some of them) wrt: standard adapters
<derek> forms error was curses
<derek> reports errors were with standard filters (not adapters)
<derek> designer appeared to have no errors
<derek> common had errors with mxodbc driver
Action: derek didnt see you or jcater respond to that one
<derek> the other one i think jcater said just pull the directories out of the packaging as they are not 'ready' for 0.5.x
<derek> here is the mxodbc error:
<derek> <derek> SyntaxError: invalid token
<derek> <derek> Setting up gnue-common (0.5.0-1) ...
<derek> <derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/common/datasources/drivers/odbc/mxodbc/Driver.py", line 128
<derek> <derek>     def _buildQuery(self, conditions={}forDetail=None,sql=""):
<derek> <derek>                                                ^
<derek> <derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek> <derek>   File "/usr/lib/gnue/lib/python/gnue/common/datasources/drivers/odbc/mxodbc/Driver.py", line 128
<derek> <derek>     def _buildQuery(self, conditions={}forDetail=None,sql=""):
<derek> <derek>                                                ^
<derek> <derek> SyntaxError: invalid syntax
<derek> jbailey: i assume soon we shouuld be switching to 
<derek> gnue-forms-wxgtk doesnt try to build curses and instead we see gnue-forms-curses, gnue-forms-qt and gnue-forms-gtk2 ;)
<derek> but also on gnue-common i think it might make sense to have
<derek> gnue-common-psycopg
<derek> gnue-common
<derek> gnue-common-mxodbc
<derek> etc
<derek> where gnue-common is truly the base package
<derek> then you add db drivers, rpc transports etc with additional packages
<derek> but for now im just down with something that works :)
<Vee2d2> derek: I should be, some time later on.
<derek> also for sanity sakes we need to see what it will take to back port packages to woody
<jbailey> derek: Yes - I'll work with you guys to split it out.
<jbailey> derek: Do each of those have different dependencies?
<jbailey> The only reason I would want to do that is to minimise dependency hell.
<jcater> yes, all those have different dependencies
<derek> yip diff dependencies (and reason why we want them seperate)
<derek> as 'size' wise they arent big enough to justify breaking them apart
<derek> but to do proper dep checks it will make sense (imho)
<derek> dont know if jcater/jamest agree, but suspect they do
<derek> is the deb stuff in place in cvs?
Action: derek is chomping to do more playing (so i can beat on gnue-sb)
Action: derek thinks everything is ok (as far as working) without having new packaging as i dont use mxodbc and am not playing with standard filters ;)
<derek> or curses
<derek> jcater: what do you need from me to help fix the foreign key lookup bug
<derek> better traces?
<derek> screenshots?
<derek> sample form and db?
<jcater> a patch would work well
ToyMan (~stuq@65-73-51-150.bras01.glv.ny.frontiernet.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
<derek> hmmm
<derek> interesting
<derek> narrowed down a little further
<derek> if you do the commit
<derek> all drop downs go to set value
<derek> but then as soon as you jump to a new entry
<derek> they all refresh to proper values
<derek> DB005: [GDataObjects:526] Master record changed; Notifying Detail Objects
<derek> i think is what is 'changing' things
<jbailey> Is what deb stuff in cvs?
<jbailey> None of my stuff is, no.
<derek> it appears it doesnt 'notify detail objects' on the commit
<derek> but rather waits until you leave the record you committed?
<jcater> that's a completely different part of the logic
<jcater> notifying detail objects means to load a different child resultset
<derek> bingo thats definitely the behavior
<derek> this is similar to the 'commit' button not being activated
<derek> if i do a commit
<derek> the lookup boxes dont get 'refreshed'
<derek> until i leave the record i was on during the save
<derek> so say a record has 10 fields
<derek> if do an insert and enter data and commit
<derek> the lookup boxes freak out
<derek> if i move from entry to entry in the current record they stay freaked out
<derek> as soon as i move off that record they refresh properly
<derek> the good news... this bug isnt nearly as it first appeared
<derek> i would mark it annoying/cosmetic instead of critical ;)
Action: derek would patch, but its getting sufficiently complex in the model that it takes a good day to reunderstand it if you dont look at it daily
deprogram (~hmason@66.94.69.196) left irc: "BitchX: more nutritious than a six-pack."
<derek> resetForeignKey and allowedValues appear to both be functioning properly
jamest (~jamest@gw.math.ksu.edu) left irc: Read error: 60 (Operation timed out)
dsmith (~dsmith@borg.altus.cc) left irc: "later.."
icltlfatppl (~icltlfatp@adsl-66.218.46.51.dslextreme.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
fixe (~fixe@dsl093-081-253.chi2.dsl.speakeasy.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
<derek> forms needs interactive debugger :)
<jcater> gnue-forms --interactive-debugger
<chillywilly> so has their been an "official" release or you still squishing bugs?
<jcater> ya
<jcater> official was last night
<derek> ouch
<derek> dneighbo@latitude:~/cvs/gnue-sb/item/forms$ gnue-forms --interactive-debugger item_category_maint.gfd
<derek> > <string>(0)?()
<derek> (Pdb) 
<derek> what is it wanting me to do?
<derek> enter doesnt seem to step through
<jcater> I forget how to use it
<jcater> it's kick ass
<jcater> but without a cheatsheet
<jcater> it's useless
<jcater> jamest showed me how to use it before
<derek> rofl
<jcater> we need to get his notes in a techref
<derek> ok just making sure i didnt miss the cluetrain somewhere
<jcater> it will do everything you would expect
Action: derek assumed there were magic keybindings
<jcater> but without a list of commands
<jcater> it's hard to get started :)
<chillywilly> does help<enter> do anything?
<chillywilly> cause gdb will spit out some stuff for you that way
<derek> d<enter> seems to stop it :)
<derek> jcater: i know where the bug happens
<derek> i just dont enough about forms to know where in 'code' that is
<derek> the one event that could help narrow it down is in 5 or 6 different objects :)
jamest (~jamest@gw.math.ksu.edu) joined #gnuenterprise.
<chillywilly> sup jamest 
<jamest> lost a ups
<jamest> took out me firewall
<jamest> I think my users really like it when something like that happens
<chillywilly> HEH
<jamest> bbl
jamest (~jamest@gw.math.ksu.edu) left irc: "[x]chat"
icltlfatppl (~icltlfatp@adsl-66.218.46.51.dslextreme.com) left irc: "Client Exiting"
jbailey (~jbailey@atlas.fundserv.com) left irc: "Client Exiting"
jcater (~jason@w202.z065105010.mem-tn.dsl.cnc.net) left irc: "Client Exiting"
ToyMan (~stuq@65-73-51-150.bras01.glv.ny.frontiernet.net) left irc: Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)
jamest (~jamest@adsl-64-216-111-196.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
jcater (~jason@cpe-066-061-083-220.midsouth.rr.com) joined #gnuenterprise.
<derek> jamest: you have cheat sheet (or url) for interactive debugger?
<derek> hey chillywilly's suggestion of help<enter> worked :)
<derek> egads there needs to be a way to set the break point
Action: derek will have to look when i have more time
<siesel> g'd night
siesel (jan@xdsl-213-196-208-10.netcologne.de) left irc: "Client Exiting"
jamest (~jamest@adsl-64-216-111-196.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) left irc: Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)
jamest (~jamest@ppp-66-142-210-175.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
ToyMan (~stuq@65-73-51-150.bras01.glv.ny.frontiernet.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
jamest (~jamest@ppp-66-142-210-175.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) left irc: Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)
wtg (~merlinx@ppp1021.qld.padsl.internode.on.net) left irc: "You ain't got debian you ain't got shit!"
jamest (~jamest@ppp-66-142-210-5.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
wtg (~merlinx@ppp1021.qld.padsl.internode.on.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
jamest_ (~jamest@ppp-66-142-211-238.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
jamest (~jamest@ppp-66-142-210-5.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) left irc: Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer)
Nick change: jamest_ -> jamest
ToyMan (~stuq@65-73-51-150.bras01.glv.ny.frontiernet.net) left irc: "Client Exiting"
jamest (~jamest@ppp-66-142-211-238.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) left irc: Read error: 110 (Connection timed out)
jamest (~jamest@adsl-64-216-111-217.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) joined #gnuenterprise.
<jamest> am I here?
<derek> you are
<derek> i think
<derek> unless you meant mentally, then the answer is 'no'
<derek> er 'not quite'
Action: jamest thwaps derek with his shinny new netgear MR814
<jamest> it's about the only thing it's good for
<derek> rofl
<jamest> hows the testing going?
<derek> had soccer practice
<derek> was waiting for new debs (earlier)
<jamest> i wouldn't wait on the debs
<derek> wife has pampered chef party so im vacating to go watch college basketball finals
<derek> then will be back to test
<jamest> ok
Action: derek spent most of afternoon working and trying to fix the bug of refreshForeignKey
<derek> being broked
<derek> have it narrowed down to 'when' it happens
<derek> just have to find that when in the code
<derek> tried using interactive debugger but stepping through the code to get to right point is too painful
<jamest> what?
<derek> have to learn how to use interactive debugger better
<jamest> what bug?
<derek> or at least put a 'break' in the code in the section closest to failure
<derek> so i dont have to step through really basic stuff like reading the xml file
<jamest> what bug?
<derek> jamest: read... this bug bothers me enough im gonna touch the code... muhahahahahahaha
Action: derek can imagine jamest calling jcater and going... wtf... get on line bi0tch he is gonna rape our baby
<derek> jamest: the bug
<jamest> um
<jamest> WHAT BUG!?!?!?!?!
<derek> if you have a foreign key lookup
<derek> that gets 'refreshed' from the current table
<derek> i.e. you dont have to shut down and restart form to get the item to show in the dropdown
<derek> when you 'commit' every entry on the form displays the same value (i.e. old records)
<derek> until you exit the current row
<derek> then it refreshes them properly
<derek> so if i ahve
<derek> field1   field2  field3(lu)
<derek> --------   --------   ----------
[20:47] Last message repeated 3 time(s).
<derek> and then at i insert a new record
<jamest> what calls the refresh?  is it automatic
<derek> and enter field1 and filed2
<derek> and push commit
<jamest> or is it triggered via a functoin
<derek> it saves but all lines on field3 go to 'foo'
<derek> until i move to a different record
<derek> jamest: let me check
<jamest> do you have a simple sample form I can test with?
<jamest> i will probably have time to look at this in the next day or so
<derek> block trigger
<derek>    <block name="blkItem_category" datasource="dtsitem_category" rows="10">
<derek>       <field name="inpId" field="id" readonly="Y" typecast="number"/>
<derek>       <field name="inpSegment" field="segment" max_length="6"/>
<derek>       <field name="inpDescription" field="description" max_length="34"/>
<derek>       <field name="inpParent" field="parent" fk_description="description"
<derek>              fk_key="id" fk_source="dtsItemCategory" max_length="34"/>
<derek>       <trigger name="Trigger_1" type="POST-COMMIT"><![CDATA[
<derek>         inpParent.resetForeignKey()
<derek>       ]]></trigger>
<derek>     </block>
<derek> the resetForeignKey() works no problem
<derek> the problem is the 'fields' get refreshed like crap internally
<derek> you can checkout gnue-sb
<jamest> ok, will you be here for a bit?
<derek> and gnue-sb/item/forms/item_category_maint.gfd will do this everytime
<jamest> i may need help installing it
<derek> about 5 to 10 minutes
<derek> then will be back about 2 hours later
<derek> if Vee2d2 is around he is kosher with things too
<jamest> ok, no promises on tonight
<jamest> i'm JavaBoy(tm) at the moment
<derek> javaBoy meet .netGirl
<derek> have fun ;)
Action: derek is away: taxman
<chillywilly> JavaBoy(tm)?
<chillywilly> why?
<jamest> i have a java app I need to run under windows
<chillywilly> did you write it?
<jamest> no
<chillywilly> :)
<jamest> i'd go into more details but this channel is logged
<jamest> i think you know my feelings about java
<jamest> :)
<chillywilly> NDA?
<jamest> no
<chillywilly> k
<jamest> politics, wouldn't want some people to stumble across it
<chillywilly> HEH
Action: chillywilly thinks it is a bit too late
jamest (~jamest@adsl-64-216-111-217.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net) left irc: Remote closed the connection
--- Tue Apr  8 2003
